hey Internet damn what is up welcome to
Sarah teaches brand Athan 2016 featuring
hey I'm Ryan and I have small hands but
today I'm here to take photos
my name is Jetson Collier and you can
pay me money to design this tomorrow I
officially start daily vlogging and to
celebrate I feel like social as need a
little facelift so I have the super
talented designer and photographer
Judson and Ryan to help me out and I'm
going to share this process with you
guys because it's fun it will be fun
we're gonna have fun right guys what are
we doing today
and as what we're gonna have fun that's
the goal we've been talking about what
we're gonna do for hours have you not
been listening to me at all
well we've got some laps on this side
guys
just a big old big ol piece of paper I'm
going to use my camera to take some
photos
love Sarah with the last today's going
to be a fun day
it's going to be a fun day so first
things first it's time for a photo shoot
goal is to dial a red light
now there's
24/7 I've never smoked anything
it's not me just get inside
so now we just got done with the white
backdrop so I'm going to change shirts
new backdrop and it will hand some
photos off to you will get grinded good
job first round of pictures you did
great kid let's vary on brands yes yes
what do you think the vibe should be
like as far as I color wise I think it
should be a little bit look better or
worse yeah I think we're good this is
the mood board it's just a guy surfing
on the Internet
we've been working hard here but I think
it's time for pizza and so I asked
Judson I was like Judson
where should we get pizza and he would
like pizza from Pizza it's the best
place in Nashville dollars
it's called pizza it's just people for
pizza so I think you can use to grind
away
I'm gonna go Brian do you wanna come
when I come pick up some pizza yay Pizza
adventure krusty krab pizza is the Visia
everywhere good pizza break how did the
shoot go it went so good Oh favorite
shot that we got what do you think pizza
shot we got a shot with some pizza in it
it was a great everything's looking
really good you've got a ton of great
setups and shots of Sara
now we're trying to work those photos
into what the brand is going to look
like so we already know that we want to
use peach as like one of our main colors
because peachy and beachy so we're going
to use it as a key color and then we've
got this awesome yellow accent color
that we picked out to basically with my
youtube channel there is I would say
like three different sections of it
there's crater space TV that creative
life and then now with daily logs
starting tomorrow
so I kind of wanted to get the branding
on point the profile picture was profile
picture and along with that I would like
three dope pictures that I could
on Monday breakfast lunch dinner check
thing to push the YouTube video yeah but
if I could get one that looks really
good and why I want to use that for
medium post up in that's like a wand
it's more engaging if you like see a
picture food writing for sure header
pictures if three things that I want to
communicate on the YouTube that are
daily vlogging Monday through Friday oh
yes this is TV the Korean place
what sort of like designed elements yeah
yeah my profile picture maybe it needs
to just be like a little bit simpler
than
because I like the design elements
that's like what makes it
we just wrapped up the 2016 Sarah D she
spread the thumb you should see a new
profile picture some new pretty things
across all of my socials Twitter's the
Facebook's the YouTube it was so fun
having these two dudes come together
take pictures design stuff tomorrow
starts the daily vlogging adventure
which is so exciting
but if you didn't get anything from this
video get these two dudes are insanely
talented and you need to go follow them
not in real life
but what is your instagram my instagram
is ryan small hands and you can find
more work on my website ryan small hands
calm Ryan
small hands calm I love it my Instagram
is Judson Collier Ju DSO n and my
website is Jay DSN dot CEO love it
follow them people look at their
beautiful faces they're so talented
they're so funny he's hilarious on
Twitter find him on the Twitter just do
all the things and make sure to hit that
subscribe button down below
let me know if you guys like this and
and I'll see you tomorrow tomorrow